README.md, before:

# Cursor rules for Spring Boot

## Cursor Rules

- [Frameworks: Spring Boot Core](.cursor/rules/301-frameworks-spring-boot-core.mdc)
- [Frameworks: Spring Boot REST API](.cursor/rules/302-frameworks-spring-boot-rest.mdc)
- [Frameworks: Spring Data JDBC](.cursor/rules/303-frameworks-spring-data-jdbc.mdc)
- [Frameworks: Spring Boot HikariCP](.cursor/rules/304-frameworks-spring-boot-hikari.mdc)
- [Testing: Spring Boot Slice Testing](.cursor/rules/311-frameworks-spring-boot-slice-testing.mdc)
- [Testing: Spring Boot Integration Testing](.cursor/rules/312-frameworks-spring-boot-integration-testing.mdc)
- [Testing: Spring Boot Local Testing with Docker Compose](.cursor/rules/313-frameworks-spring-boot-local-testing.mdc)
- [Advanced: Spring Boot Native Compilation](.cursor/rules/321-frameworks-spring-boot-native-compilation.mdc)
- [Database: SQL](.cursor/rules/500-sql.mdc)


## Getting started

If you are interested in getting the benefits from these cursor rules, you can manually download this repository and copy the './cursor' folder and paste it into your repository, or delegate this task to a specific command-line tool based on **Jbang**:

```bash
sdk install jbang
# Add cursor rules for Spring Boot in ./cursor/rules
jbang --fresh setup@jabrena init --cursor https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-spring-boot
```

## References

- https://www.cursor.com/
- https://docs.cursor.com/context/rules
- https://docs.cursor.com/context/@-symbols/@-cursor-rules
- https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/index.html

## Cursor rules ecosystem

- https://github.com/jabrena/101-cursor
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-methodology
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-agile
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-java
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-spring-boot
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-examples
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-sandbox
- https://github.com/jabrena/plantuml-to-png-cli
- https://github.com/jabrena/setup-cli
- https://github.com/jabrena/jbang-catalog

Commit message:

Updating Spring-boot rules with manual mode

README.md, after:

# Cursor rules for Spring Boot

## Cursor Rules

### Spring Boot rules

| Cursor Rule | Description | Prompt | Notes |
|-------------|-------------|--------|-------|
| [301-frameworks-spring-boot-core](.cursor/rules/301-frameworks-spring-boot-core.mdc) | Spring Boot Core | `Review my Spring Boot application using the cursor rule @301-frameworks-spring-boot-core` | Add in the context the Spring Boot classes you want to review |
| [302-frameworks-spring-boot-rest](.cursor/rules/302-frameworks-spring-boot-rest.mdc) | REST API Design Principles | `Review my REST API design using the cursor rule @302-frameworks-spring-boot-rest` | Add in the context the REST controllers to review |
| [303-frameworks-spring-data-jdbc](.cursor/rules/303-frameworks-spring-data-jdbc.mdc) | Spring Data JDBC | `Improve my Spring Data JDBC implementation using the cursor rule @303-frameworks-spring-data-jdbc` | Add in the context the repository classes and entities |
| [304-frameworks-spring-boot-hikari](.cursor/rules/304-frameworks-spring-boot-hikari.mdc) | HikariCP Connection Pool Configuration | `Review my HikariCP configuration using the cursor rule @304-frameworks-spring-boot-hikari` | Add in the context your application properties files |
| [311-frameworks-spring-boot-slice-testing](.cursor/rules/311-frameworks-spring-boot-slice-testing.mdc) | Spring Boot Slice Testing | `Improve my slice tests using the cursor rule @311-frameworks-spring-boot-slice-testing` | Add in the context the test classes to review |
| [312-frameworks-spring-boot-integration-testing](.cursor/rules/312-frameworks-spring-boot-integration-testing.mdc) | Integration Testing Guidelines | `Review my integration tests using the cursor rule @312-frameworks-spring-boot-integration-testing` | Add in the context the integration test classes |
| [313-frameworks-spring-boot-local-testing](.cursor/rules/313-frameworks-spring-boot-local-testing.mdc) | Local Testing with Docker Compose | `Improve my local testing setup using the cursor rule @313-frameworks-spring-boot-local-testing` | Add in the context your docker-compose.yaml and test configuration |
| [321-frameworks-spring-boot-native-compilation](.cursor/rules/321-frameworks-spring-boot-native-compilation.mdc) | Native Compilation | `Optimize my Spring Boot app for native compilation using the cursor rule @321-frameworks-spring-boot-native-compilation` | Add in the context your pom.xml and application configuration |

### SQL rules

| Cursor Rule | Description | Prompt | Notes |
|-------------|-------------|--------|-------|
| [500-sql](.cursor/rules/500-sql.mdc) | SQL Development Guidelines | `Review my SQL code and database design using the cursor rule @500-sql` | Add in the context your SQL files, database schema, or migration scripts |

## Getting started

If you are interested in getting the benefits from these cursor rules, you can manually download this repository and copy the './cursor' folder and paste it into your repository, or delegate this task to a specific command-line tool based on **Jbang**:

```bash
sdk install jbang
# Add cursor rules for Spring Boot in ./cursor/rules
jbang --fresh setup@jabrena init --cursor https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-spring-boot
```

## References

- https://www.cursor.com/
- https://docs.cursor.com/context/rules
- https://docs.cursor.com/context/@-symbols/@-cursor-rules
- https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/index.html

## Cursor rules ecosystem

- https://github.com/jabrena/101-cursor
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-methodology
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-agile
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-java
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-spring-boot
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-examples
- https://github.com/jabrena/cursor-rules-sandbox
- https://github.com/jabrena/plantuml-to-png-cli
- https://github.com/jabrena/setup-cli
- https://github.com/jabrena/jbang-catalog
